So I've had a broken layout here for a little bit if you've been following along the layout actually probably was correct
But I messed some of my divs up
So let's just go ahead and fix where some of these actually ended up going
So one the order of pizza is actually supposed to be inside of this
As is the price, so we'll just move both of these inside of the if statement
That's good, and then I think down here at the bottom
I'm closing the div down here. That's not actually where it gets closed. This should be closed
Right before the submit button, I think
Yeah, it's supposed to be closed here
And that should bring you more to something like this this I imagine this is what most you've been seeing for a while
And the last thing that I did break if you go to app.js x
You just give this h1 a
Class name of logo. You should get a nice
Padre Gino's one more kind of fun thing that we can do with with hooks
Here and use pizza of the day. We're gonna use one more hook here called use debug value. I'll be honest I
Sparingly use this but I'm going to show you because it can be useful
Particularly if you have a large code base and you're maintaining a set of hooks that a bunch of developers use
Let's say that we want to be able to see at a glance in the react dev tools what the value of our hook is
Because it's not immediately visible in the component view you can kind of give it hints
So that's what we're going to do here. So we're going to say use debug value
And if we have a pizza of the day, then we're just going to say
Something like this like I'm going to use a template string of
Pizza of the day dot name
You can put whatever else here that you want to like maybe I
Don't know
Description
We'll put description. I don't know what else whatever what else here you would everyone to see like to
Maybe let's do ID. That's a good one
Let's do name here. We'll do ID first
And then we'll just put like a colon between them
And then you need a ternary there
And if nothing's there, then you just want to display like loading, right
So it doesn't return anything this is purely for developments this is purely for the dev tools
When this is in
When this is in production mode this won't get logged out, I don't think
So now if we look in the react dev tools in our components, and I look at my pizza of the day you can see here
Tells me my hooks and notice like this nice-looking
String next to it. This is the debug value
Which is kind of nice, right
So imagine if you have like 30 custom hooks in there it has like nice values for your
For your
Custom hooks there you I think you can only use debug value once I think if I try and use it again
It just doesn't do anything or maybe it overrides it
Oh no, it actually does give you an array of things
Interesting didn't used to do that
Kind of useful
And there's nothing to stop you from just fully just throwing the whole thing on there, right
You don't necessarily need to do that because that it will be inside of your code
And it's not gonna be there. It's not gonna be there. It's not gonna be there. It's not gonna be there
You don't necessarily need to do that because that it will be inside of your hook, right?
So mostly it's just something that you want to be able to tell like at a glance the difference between all of them
In reality if this really was me, I probably would just put the ID
Because this is very readable at a glance right the green garden ID, right
So that is specifically the very niche use case for used a bug value is for custom hooks identifying them at a glance